[Badges] Add Weekend Exerciser (#1752)
exercism/v3: badges.md

- **Lackadaisical:** Solve bob in five languages
- **Team builder:** Create a team with 3 members
- **Teammate:** Give team feedback to 5 solutions.

> - **Weekend Exerciser:** Only submit solutions on the weekends for a month

Reviewer: [Different parts of the world have different weekends](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Workweek_and_weekend#Around_the_world). Will the badge be localised or is there an implicit assumption of a "most of the world" Sat/Sun weekend?

> - **Weekend Exerciser:** Only submit solutions on the weekends for a month

Reviewer: [Different parts of the world have different weekends](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Workweek_and_weekend#Around_the_world). Will the badge be localised or is there an implicit assumption of a "most of the world" Sat/Sun weekend?

Reviewer 2: Sounds like a considerable amount of effort for not much gain

Author: Maybe "Wednesday Warrior" instead?

Author: ```suggestion
- **Wednesday Warrior:** Only submit solutions on Wednesdays for 4 consecutive weeks
```
